I'll tell you what!
The karate master of Dongyin
Pine Party has heard
Come to our club
That's arrogant
Let our curator come forward
Otherwise, this martial arts hall will be smashed
And?
Then your eldest brother and I go up and it's a ladder
That's loose.
Kneel down for me on the spot
Kneel down and beg for mercy
Brother, you are amazing
That's for sure.
I am the Qing Dynasty disciple of the master of the museum
The owner also gave me one or two pointers at that time
It's easy to deal with a few Dongying people, okay?
baga
Is this the first martial arts hall of the building?
It's Dongying people kicking the hall again, right?
Misunderstanding
I'm here to give you
Dongying people just don't have a long memory and dare to kick the hall
Are you guys okay?
Hey, pay attention.
Is he here to deliver the police iron?
You have no martial arts ethics
Excuse me?
I'm sorry to ask my apprentice to make up for your medical expenses.
Don't run